Hey folks, old home week.
If you don't recognize this next to me, you will momentarily.
Uh, uh,
This is David Glinky, and for the longest time, you were my co-host.
when we started this whole adventure.
And I just want everyone to know
Uh,
i had never done social media we we didn't even have a camera i didn't even know how to do it.
And our very first videos were like isis beheading videos a black backdrop loves love to see you know look for holding your microphone up to your phone when charlie called in yeah
Yeah, and we did it five days a week, actually six days a week.
Because in the middle of the virus, when everyone was confused,
We were doing the best we could to bring in folks.
and and you were bringing in the economic news as we're watching the stock market struggle you were you were pointing out as now he's an american airlines pilot he's also a financial advisor.
And you were watching as American Airlines was struggling. Planes were being, you know, parked.
We're watching the numbers and
And, uh...
And now we've we've kind of come through but the airlines are still struggling you're flying and and you almost lost your job because they were mandating the vaccine
and you stood in opposition to it.
And American Airlines, thank God,
Uh, uh,
You know, you know,
He yielded. Yeah.
Yeah. Unlike United, they're still contending. Yeah.
David, I miss being with you. The show's taking on different iterations.
Sometimes I'm there. Most of the time, as of late, because I didn't take a break, we've had Bryce Eddy doing it.
yeah but you and i early on we did it all. it was amazing to walk into that church completely empty and the two or three leather chairs out the front.
And it was.
Hi, it was such a healing process for you, for me, and the people that were listening. And it was interesting to see the audience grow and the feedback that we get and the healing that we
That would be caused by just
Getting truth. Yeah, getting truth in your name. Filling your face that's giving them the truth. Yeah, and bringing in doctors, psychologists. I mean, we wanted people to get what they weren't getting in the 1980s.
And these were folks that were giving them clear data early on.
You know, we had...
the doctor that came on i won't say a name because he works for you know but but he was so helpful in us understanding all that and then we had dr. Keith Rose and then we started to meet
He started to meet amazing people. Oh, God. And now here you and I are at the Student Action Summit.
Oh.
My life got connected with Charlie's. Yep. So did yours. You're on the board of Turning Point Academy.
Yep. American turning point, which has a... Turning point, USA, America, yeah. Yeah.
you know it's interesting because.
This is our third student action summit that we've been to and every time we walked around i love following you because everybody thinks you're a rock star just like the lady that just came up but they are all
They're all being touched by what you've done in the interlacing what we have done.
you know, and, uh,
You know, we've connected not only with Charlie, but our newspaper and some other things that we're really interested in.
making some inroads and i i would i would you know you say our newspaper i i don't you're on the board of.
of the Guardian. Yeah, Coneo Guardian that we're making a lot of headway because of you and Charlie telling us to when we put a heart of hope.
Yeah, engage in a culture when they push on us. push back harder. And we're doing a great job doing that. And they just get so frustrated by truth.
Yeah. I mean, you're pointing out all the data. Yeah.
and it's a local publication you're up against.
you know the the main newspaper in the county which is everyday publication and then the other one locally which is four times a month.
and then the guardian, you know, older folks are folding it, young kids are delivering it and it's ah non-profit community driven newspaper that comes out once a month.
and yet it's you think that we have you know just unleashed.
Do you know, yeah, there's some truth that I've learned. And one of the things that when we put the article about the student, the transgender student, it's just.
It's the situation.
And you have these people come after us, doxing us, trying to call us out.
you number it's the two things are two greatest things that uses fear and distraction and you slowly find out this these people are going after you there's like.
Like six of them. Yeah. You'd think it was the majority, but it's only six of them. And everybody goes back on their heels a little bit, including the father. Yeah.
He gets a re-bathing of, uh, of, like, God's calling him to do, and then he pushes forward. And, and, and that's what I learned during that thing. It's like, oh, you can put back on your heels. Don't
Look at Putback on your heels. Push forward and push harder. Yeah, because we're contending for truth. Yeah. And they're upset because of the fact that they've been challenged. But everything's footnoted. Everything is articulated.
Articulated
The articles that you guys have put out and even the website, which early on when you guys started it, it wasn't anything spectacular, but man, it got hit. Some of the articles went nationwide. Yeah, now we're 80.
We have to upgrade our servers because it's crashing. But, yeah, it's really interesting. And the truth, you've said this before, truth goes very slow. It's like a...
It's like fake news will travel around the globe 15 times and the truth is just...
But when it gets there, it shines a bright, you know? And truth is ridicule vitally imposed and that's considered self-evident. And every day, day in and day out, you guys keep doing that. Yeah.
And I know that Charlie's been grateful for what you've done with Turning Point Academy. You're out here, and you've also, as a pilot, you've helped Charlie connect with getting from point A to point B in some places he could never...
I never get to. Yeah. Yeah. David, I want the folks to know you're instrumental. You're behind the scenes.
For the longest time we did this together.
And, you know,
I don't think folks know where you went and what happened, but the reality is you haven't disappeared. You've just gone even deeper and gotten more involved, and you're not slowing down. You're picking up.
I think that the calling that for me and I would
to the audience is you got to look at where your calling is what you do good at i always pre-burma rangers you remember that great he has a thing in this movie and he says god help me
God, help me to do the things that you're calling me to do.
But make sure that I'm not getting distracted in a bunch of good things that put me on a hamster wheel that I'm just spinning like this. And so that's where I'm always taking a step back and going,
I'm going, where's my calling? Where's my gifting? What can I do good?
And I see you and Bryce and Charlie and...
on the screen and he goes, "Oh my gosh, the braids are just amazing." And so you just have to find out and I think that people that are watching us all the time, where's your calling?
Where are you going to plug in? Because you listen to Charlie, there's a thousand places to plug in at our church, at our newspaper, at Turning Point, that all need to go in a direction.
direction that's helpful. If you want to be great in the kingdom of God, be a servant of all. I want the folks to know, David, you've been a servant. You've been my dearest friend. Thank you. You've been by my side every step of the way
and everywhere i look, your hands are there helping. oh thank you for. you seldom have ever say no and that's the thing that gets you so busy.
But you do it with joy. Listen, I've never once seen you angry. You get frustrated because you're overwhelmed and you're not getting the communication.
The city of New York is
But you still do it with joy. And I want the folks to know what a blessing you are to me. Thank you. You know, I'd say on the frustration thing, there's another learning lesson out there, is frustration.
Questions caused by sometimes your discernment and being able to say yes and no. So if you're going to go out and do something, make sure it's a good, solid yes. Make sure that you have discerning minutes in your no.
your nose so that you can do what God's calling you to do. You do it well. Yeah. Instead of half baked. Yeah, exactly. Well, folks, David Glinky, my dear friend, he was, he was,
You would co-pilot, but now you're a main pilot for a wide body in America, and that's a rarity. How many percent of pilots are there? There's about 14,000 pilots in America, and there's about 700
700 wide body captains. It's the most incredible honor to be able to do something like that. It's really fun. And you're young.
I mean, you think you've got to be older, but you don't. You don't get that position at your age most of the time. So you've got to write your journey. I've been there a long time. Well, Mary Jane.
American is blessed to have you, and so are we. Thank you. David Glinky, 20
treasure you've seen him you miss him but he's back here now and he's still serving and he loves the lord and he doesn't quit god bless you guys we'll see you the next interview.